In a timeless and distant land, a curious little gnome tinkered tirelessly with a mystic potion. But alas, he struggled with the last secret ingredient, an echo of clandestine whispers only carried on the twilight wind. The gnome knew that he could only find the echo of the clandestine whispers carried on the twilight wind from a mythical wizard in a land far from the gnome village. Unfortunately, between the gnome village and the wizard were various treacherous perils that required multiple people to overcome. He had a very serious conversation with himself and he knew he had to collaborate with other people in order to get to the wizard. So, the gnome tapped into the ancient spell of the Whispering Winds he had learned, hoping to reach and gather the bravest from his village. The magical wind wafted through the gnome homes, its gentle rustle asking them an unspoken query - standing alone they might falter, but together could they not conquer all odds? Gnomes from all over the village heard the gnome's call and agreed to partner with the gnome to find the mythical wizard. As a group, they faced many challenges, from bridges over lava to malicious orcs, but they were able to surpass them all. However, they forgot about the magical wind storm of the twilight wind and when it came upon them, they did not know what to do. "Fear not!" cried the gnome, wringing his hands, "We've come so far. In unity, dear companions, remember our vow? With hope in his eyes, he offered his hand, "Stand with me. We shall seek help from this storm, not fly from it!" A murmur rippled through the gnome horde, their eyes flickering with the realization that their unity was their greatest strength. The question now was, would they stick by their promise, through perils unforeseen? They huddled together to protect each other from the storm. Suddenly from the sky came the mythical wizard. The truth was, the mythical wizard had been watching them the entire time, making sure that only gnomes of good character would receive the echo of the clandestine whispers. The mythical wizard decided to give the gnomes the echo of clandestine whispers that they sought after, because they portrayed such good values and morals. However, a gnome of bad character pushed past all the gnomes and came up to the mystical wizard, saying, "Did we not agree to share anything we got from this journey?"
