In an old, creaky mansion, Miss Amelia peered through a keyhole. She could not make out the figures in the other room, but she saw a shadow with a knife killing the other person. She ran away, not wanting to confront the murderer, but she knew she had to figure out who did it. Please continue the story. With trembling hands, she grabbed a candle. The flickering glow revealed a bloody handprint. A vital piece of evidence had been found. As she held the candle to the bloody handprint and was investigating, she heard a noise behind her. She turned around and saw her kids with blood all over their clothing. She was unsure how they could transform into bloody killers. She couldn't understand how the two lovely boys, Tommy and Brandon, she had watched grow up, that she had raised as her own children, could wear the mask of such loving people, but on the inside, be killers. She was heartbroken, but she knew that she had to do something about it. "The mansion is a castle of secrets," she thought. Searching for her children, hope seemed lost. After thinking about how her kids could do this, she started pleading with them and asking them to not kill her too. But they ran after her, and she decided she had to run too. As much as she tried to run, it was like magic how they kept catching up to her. But eventually, she ran into the woods and hoped they wouldn't follow her. She knew her only hope was beating them through the power of love, so she ran all the way back home and started cooking their favorite dish, hoping they wouldn't find her in the process. She chopped up the carrots, prepared the hen, defrosted and marinated it, cooked it up, and made their favorite dish: carrot and hen stew. As they ran into the house, bloody knives in hand, they smelled the beautiful smell of the stew. Suddenly, it was like they had transformed. They changed back into the regular children that they used to be. At the end of the night, she went back to the old mansion and dissolved all of the bodies, cleaning up the house to make sure her kids wouldn't be convicted of murder. At the end of the day, everyone was happy, except the people who died.

