In a realm afar, there existed an enchanted island. Its secrets, shrouded in myth, beckoned the curious and the brave. People said that there were different precious treasures on the island, but as it was surrounded with dangers, no one dared to reach there and unfold them. Also, there were riddles that had to be solved to get hold of those treasures, so the real question was now how to get to the treasure and how to solve the riddle. Legend told of an ancient potion, hidden deep within the caverns of the island, said to aid the bravest of hearts to overcome the treacherous path. The concoction possessed peculiar properties, gifting its drinker with the ability to appear far different from their true selves, appeasing the island's vengeful spirits. The potion was created by a strong and evil wizard who created many potions in the forest on the island, but all of them were lost and only this one survived. People say that this potion is unconquerable. The last time someone was seen drinking the potion, they had a mask on and he drank the potion and ran into the forest. The people are still in search of the masked man who drank the potion last time. It was indeed a strange sight, the masked man disappearing into the forest, leaving questions trailing in his wake. His abrupt vanishing did not go unnoticed as it unveiled traces of odd footprints and a mysterious glow deep in the island wilderness. Will these unusual hints present a way to the hidden treasures? To find evidence of the mysteries that are going on the island, a team from the government went to the island to investigate and found out that there was actually no mysterious or unusual thing on the island. There were some bandits or evil men doing illegal business on the island and making up stories to cover their activities. The evil men kept on cutting the wood in the forest and selling them at a high price. In order to keep people away from the forest, they often took the shape of a masked man and carried on the myth of the potion.
